=encoding utf8

=for stopwords ukigumo YAML CamelCase ikachan

=head1 NAME

.ukigumo.yml - Configuration file by YAML

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    before_install:
      - "cpanm -L $HOME/.ukigumo/ukigumo-client/extlib --installdeps -n ."
    install: "ln -s $HOME/.ukigumo/ukigumo-client/extlib ./extlib"
    script: prove -lrv -Iextlib/lib/perl5 t

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Configuration file by YAML.

=head1 CONFIGURABLE ITEMS

=over 4

=item * C<env>

One time environment variables that are enabled on running tasks.

    env:
      - foo: bar
      - buz: qux
      - foo: hoge

=item * C<project_name>

Voluntary project name. If you don't want to use repository name as the project name, please configure this.

    project_name: MyProj

=item * C<notifications>

Notifiers. Registered notifiers module are looked up in C<Ukigumo::Client::Notify::*> (module name will be converted to CamelCase automatically).

    notifications:
      ikachan:
        - url: localhost
          channel: "#ukigumo"
      github_statuses:
        - api_endpoint: localhost
          access_token: __ACCESS_TOKEN__

Now available notifiers names are followings;

=over 8

=item callback (L<Ukigumo::Client::Notify::Callback>)

=item debug (L<Ukigumo::Client::Notify::Debug>)

=item github_statuses (L<Ukigumo::Client::Notify::GitHubStatuses>)

=item growl (L<Ukigumo::Client::Notify::Growl>)

=item ikachan (L<Ukigumo::Client::Notify::Ikachan>)

=back

=item * C<before_install>

Commands that runs on before install phase (default: do nothing).

    before_install:
      - echo "before install!"

=item * C<install>

Commands that runs on install phase (default: C<cpanm --notest --installdeps .>).

    install:
      - bundle install --path=./bundle/gems

=item * C<before_script>

Commands that runs on before main script phase , and after install phase (default: do nothing).

    before_script
      - echo "before script!"

=item * C<script>

Main command (default: command that is passed by L<ukigumo-client.pl> or C<Ukigumo::Client::Executor::Perl>).
has script => (

    script
      - rake spec

=item * C<after_script>

Commands that runs on after main script phase (default: do nothing).

    after_script
      - echo "this is the end"

=back

=cut
